DOCS-100 - Forward raw data (#4279)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-08-30-manage.md

---
title: Forward raw log data to S3 (Manage) 
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - data forwarding
  - manage
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We are happy to announce that you can now forward raw log data from Sumo Logic to an S3 destination. Previously, you could only forward raw log data together with its metadata and enriched fields. You can now choose to forward only log data, log data and metadata, or log data with metadata and enriched fields, in either CSV or JSON format.
> 
> The ability to choose the kind of data forwarded, as well as its format in either CSV or JSON, allows you to perform more precise analytics on the data in your tools of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce that you can now forward raw log data from Sumo Logic to an S3 destination. Previously, forwarding was limited to raw log data along with its metadata and enriched fields. Now, you have the flexibility to choose between forwarding only log data, log data with metadata, or log data with metadata and enriched fields, in either CSV or JSON format.

This enhanced flexibility enables you to perform more precise analytics on the data using your preferred tools.
```
